Add Software Engineer - Security (#69)
sourcegraph/careers: job-descriptions/software-engineer-security.md

![logo](https://sourcegraph.com/.assets/img/sourcegraph-light-head-logo.svg)

> # Software Engineer - Security

Reviewer: Any thoughts on the Security Engineer title? Are we looking for a security specialist which can also code or a software engineer that can also do security stuff?

I'd say the former, and specifically, a security engineer generalist.

Author: > Any thoughts on the Security Engineer title?

I hadn't considered it. I am not sure what the practical difference is, so this is probably more about branding (what will the candidates that we are looking for expect to see) more than anything else.

@christinaforney since you have experience working with people in this role, what do you think?

> Are we looking for a security specialist which can also code or a software engineer that can also do security stuff?

We are looking for what the job description describes :) What is your impression on what we are looking for after reading the job description?

It is important that his person has both: ability/experience making code changes and knowledge/experience with security issues (both of these are mentioned in the qualifications).

Reviewer: > We are looking for what the job description describes :) What is your impression on what we are looking for after reading the job description?

Well, sure, my question was meant to discuss that :)

> I think it is important that his person has both: ability/experience making code changes and knowledge/experience with security issues (both of these are mentioned in the qualifications).

Agreed that this person needs to be able to code, but would you say necessarily to the same level as our backend software engineers? Someone having those skills AND being a deep security expert might be a tall order?

Reviewer 2: I've seen both job titles, but Security Engineer is probably more common.

Author: > - Skilled at understanding, debugging, and writing Go and TypeScript to identify and fix security issues.
> Someone having those skills AND being a deep security expert might be a tall order?

There is a spectrum here and I am looking for a balance of both. We need someone who has enough experience in the security domain that they can be self directed, and enough development experience that they can do the necessary work themselves. It remains to be seen how easy it will be to hire a person like this, but we shouldn't prematurely compromise what we are looking for.

I am going to stick with this title for now.

> We are looking for a software engineer to own the security of our product. This includes the security sourcegraph.com as well as making it easy for our customers to secure their own private Sourcegraph instances that they deploy on-premise. You will be responsible for proactively understanding, documenting, and improving the security of our product, as well as promptly responding to and addressing security issues reported to us by third parties. As our security needs grow over time, there is a potential for you to grow into a security team leadership role.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We are looking for a software engineer to own the security of our product. This includes the security of sourcegraph.com as well as making it easy for our customers to secure their own private Sourcegraph instances that they deploy on-premise. You will be responsible for proactively understanding, documenting, and improving the security of our product, as well as promptly responding to and addressing security issues reported to us by third parties. As our security needs grow over time, there is a potential for you to grow into a security team leadership role.
```

> We are looking for a hands-on software engineer to own the security our product. This includes the security sourcegraph.com as well as making it easy for our customers to secure their own private Sourcegraph instances that they deploy on-premise. You will be responsible for proactively understanding, documenting, and improving the security of our product, as well as promptly responding to and addressing security issues reported to us by third parties. As our security needs grow over time, there is a potential for you to grow into a security team leadership role.

Reviewer 2: Are software engineers not hands-on? This feels odd to me. I would drop it and clarify what you're looking for in a later sentence, although I think the final sentence clarifies this already.

## Qualifications

We are looking for candidates with the following skills, and we will test for these things in our interview process:

- Broad knowledge of possible attack vectors for applications like Sourcegraph and an understanding of how to eliminate and/or mitigate those security risks.
- Skilled at understanding, debugging, and writing Go and TypeScript to identify and fix security issues.
- Demonstrated ability to own large ambiguous problem areas while making continuous progress.
- Ability to communicate clearly and empathetically, especially in writing and documentation.

## Nice-to-haves

- Published blog posts and/or tech talks about your work.
- Experience working on high-performing teams, preferably tech startups.

## Learn more about us

> Sourcegraph is an equal opportunity workplace; we welcome people from all backgrounds and communities.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph is a remote-first and equal opportunity workplace; we welcome people from all backgrounds and communities.
```

To create a product that serves the needs of all developers, we are building a diverse [all-remote team](https://about.sourcegraph.com/company/remote) that is [distributed across the world](https://about.sourcegraph.com/company/team).

We provide [competitive compensation](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/people-ops/compensation) and [practical benefits](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/people-ops/benefits-and-perks) to keep you happy, healthy, and productive.

Learn more about what it is like to work at Sourcegraph by reading [our handbook](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/).

## Interview process

1. You [apply here](TODO).
1. We set up a 30 minute call to answer any questions that you have about Sourcegraph.

> 1. We evaluate relevant technical skills that you have via an asynchronous coding exercise.

Reviewer: Depending on the discussion of the question I asked above, the structure of the interview process may need changes.

Author: I don't expect the structure to change (but some of the particular questions we ask in these modules might). This person still needs to be able to code (code exercise), they still need to be able to reason about high level architecture (security related architecture question), they still need to be able to have solid technical communication (technical experience), and they still need to be able to work on a team (team collaboration).

Reviewer: How can we evaluate general security expertise without additional changes to the interviews?

Author: By asking a security related architecture question, by hearing them teach/explain security related work they have done in the past in the technical experience interview, and, if necessary, creating a different coding question that is more security related.

Reviewer: > if necessary, creating a different coding question that is more security related.

My intuition is that doing this is necessary to get a good enough signal.
